chore: Update README.md for release version 0.3.0-beta (#462)
fabric8-analytics/fabric8-analytics-vscode-extension: README.md

- [GitHub Organization](https://github.com/fabric8-analytics)

> # Common Errors and FAQ:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Common Errors and FAQ
```

1. VScode output says "Go executable not found".

    **Suggestion:** Try adding your go executable path to your vscode's settings.json file

    **E.g.:** `"go.executable.path": "/path-to-go/bin/go"`

2. Failed to run golist command.

    **Suggestion:** Resolve the error thrown by `go mod tidy` and `go list` for the project and try again. 

3. Stack analysis fails after applying the recommended version.

    **Suggestion:** Not all recommended versions work directly, developers need to resolve dependencies for the recommended version using `go mod tidy` or manually.

4. Plugin does not highlight vulnerabilities in vendor code.

>     **Suggestion:** Currently plugin does not support vendor (or local) code vulnerabilities scanning. Suggest to use `module@version` for dependencies instead of local code.

Reviewer: @dgpatelgit What will happen if project has go.mod and vendor?

Reviewer 2: @arajkumar We consider only module and version present in go.mod and ignore vendor folder.

>     **Suggestion:** Currently plugin does not support vendor (or local) code vulnerabilities scanning. Suggest to use `module@version` for dependencies instead of local code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Suggestion:** Currently plugin does not support vendor (or local) code vulnerabilities scanning. Switch to go.mod to express your project dependencies.
```
